ID-0809	We arrived at the hotel about 5 pm. First of all google maps gave us the wrong address. Sent us 10 miles up the road. (not blaming the hotel). Then we went up to our room and the A/C was not working properly. The ac knob was broken and we could not turn it on or off. It took them about 2 hours to get someone up to fix it. Besides that the stay was blah. Nothing major or nothing to get excited about. I requested a partial refund and finally got one only because I am a priority member.
ID-1007	I recently stayed at the Aliante Station Casino in Las Vegas, Nevada. I am a regular guest at Red Rock Station Casino, their sister property. I was enticed to stay at Aliante because of a deep discount they were offering. However, our experience was so bad that the hotel should have paid US! The directions on the hotel's website were outdated. The route took at least half an hour longer than if they had taken another freeway. We finally arrived and got up to our room. Despite opening less than a year ago, our room had many things broken or missing. Lights were burnt out, the television remote did not work unless we sat one inch in front of the television, our bathroom toiler paper holder was ripped from the wall and the sink water pressure was horrendous. They also forgot to stock our minibar, despite checking in much later than the usual arrival time. We tried to ignore the poorly-maintained room by dining and gambling downstairs. We first tried their cafe. The service was horribly slow and the food was tasteless. We next tried their Pancake House. The food was covered in vinegar and was disgusting. After those two meals, we drove to the nearest grocery store and prepared the remainder of our meals in the room or ate at restaurants off of the property. I shared my complaints with the reservation agent upon checking out and he did not seem to care. I will never stay at this location again!
ID-1144	I like the motel 6, it was very affordable for what it was. Didn't have a bad odor like most motels. Pretty clean rooms.They are pet friendly so I didn't have to pay extra for my dog. Which is a money saver. I like the pool in the middle of the property where you can see rooms from pool.
ID-1076	Recently, I stayed in Las Vegas at the Motel 6 Tropicana. I loved this Motel 6. It was newly remodeled, and they allow pets. I travel with my dogs, so being able to bring them in is a plus. The newly remodeled room was very pleasant. I stayed in a non smoking room. It was very clean. The bathroom was spacious! The room was decorated in bright colored paint, and had a flat panel TV. The Motel 6 Tropicana, is located two blocks from the Strip. It made walking to the Strip a breeze. The staff was very helpful in finding a room on the first floor of the two story hotel. I also travel with small children, and needed to be able to access the room without the hassel of stairs. I'm planning another trip to Las Vegas in the very near future. I've already booked a room at the Motel 6 Tropicana.
ID-0799	I recently stayed at the Astor Crown Plaza in New Orleans for a work seminar. My seminar was being held in another hotel in the French Quarter, so I felt that it would be best for me to stay in the French Quarter as well. I got a somewhat reasonable price for the Astor and thought that it was in a good location when looking at a map of the area. I arrived with a coworker very late at night due to plane layovers and was extremely uncomfortable when getting out of my taxi. There were probably 7-10 random people standing outside the doors cursing and yelling. I had to walk through these people to get to the door and there was no doorman to make me feel more at ease with the random cursing people.I went to check in and it went quick enough, however the woman helping me spoke only when spoken to and seemed very annoyed that we were checking in - like we had interrupted something. Just handed us our room keys and looked back at her computer. The room was fine - no complaints about the cleanliness. However, it is IMPOSSIBLE to sleep! With all of the commotion on Bourbon street below, you must bring ear plugs if you even want to think about sleeping! I was in need of some water and went down the hall to the vending area and tried to but a bottle and was unable to because it was sold out. I went back to my room assuming that it would be refilled at some point that night or the next morning. The next night, I tried again - no water. I then went to several other vending areas on other floors and no water there either. I went back to my room and called room service and did receive two bottles of water. I drank half of one and went to bed. The next day, I left the room for my work function and came back to see that housekeeping had taken my water! All in all, the location of this hotel is fine, but customer service, and water, seem to be lacking quite a bit! I will be returning to the French Quarter but not to this hotel.
ID-0957	I booked this hotel last week while visiting Philly. I am generally a fan of Hilton properties so when I called Hilton they offered this hotel which they stated was 15 minutes from downtown Philly. Boy where they wrong. this hotel was actually a 40 minute drive from the downtown area. When my girlfriend and I checked in, we did not realize that they were renovating the lobby and certain rooms, I with the telephone representative would have stated this!!Also, they gave us a corner room on the 2nd floor all the way at the rear of the building. The door to our room was ajar when we entered so I thought something was suspicious. there was a 30 minute delay in order to switch us to a different room. not a good experience. will not stay until the renovations are all done.